#EXTM3U
#Temporada1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 1 sub español
https://server01.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.11678215883.1678216149.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 2 sub español
https://server03.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.21678267686.1678267982.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 3 sub español
https://server22.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.31678209697.1678209960.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 4 sub español
https://server41.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.41678206686.1678206973.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 5 sub español
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.51679502484.1679503261.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 6 sub español
https://server26.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.61678386515.1678387124.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 7 sub español
https://server46.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.71678211125.1678211396.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 8 sub español
https://server15.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.81678163481.1678163666.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 9 sub español
https://server29.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.91678210758.1678211032.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 10 sub español
https://server18.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.101678165640.1678165871.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 11 sub español
https://server09.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.111679468483.1679469258.720.m3u8
EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Kakegurui cap 12 sub español
https://server05.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/86660edb4e69f80cf0c67012b156d3ba/ep.121678392292.1678393106.720.m3u8

#Temporada2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 1 sub espñao
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.11678594601.1678595756.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 2 sub español 
https://server15.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.21678153197.1678153387.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 3 sub español
https://server40.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.31678178993.1678179262.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 4 sub español
https://server19.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.41678153445.1678153642.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 5 sub español
https://server21.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.51678174878.1678175237.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 6 sub españoñ
https://server27.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.61678281767.1678282612.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 7 sub español
https://server38.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.71678239918.1678240184.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 8 sub español
https://server40.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.81678159855.1678160136.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 9 sub español
https://server44.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.91678157666.1678157938.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 10 sub español
https://server05.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.101678343247.1678343902.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 11 sub español
https://server08.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.111678627115.1678628436.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Kakegurui cap 12 sub español
https://server14.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9acfa6bb36a92c78c4bec37f24cd5e9e/ep.121678153173.1678153360.720.m3u8

#OVA
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 1 sub español
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.11678138103.1678139880.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 2 sub español
https://server06.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.21678104906.1678105784.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 3 sub español
https://server16.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.31678095679.1678096051.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 4 sub español
https://server15.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.41678092139.1678092316.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 5 sub español
https://server14.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.51678092070.1678092258.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kakegurui-xx.jpg" group-title="OVA",Kakegurui cap 6 sub español
https://server08.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/0161a4b250dd564383b829d468815707/ep.61678143731.1678145110.720.m3u8
