#EXTM3U
#Temporada1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 1 sub español
https://server40.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.11678130953.1678131187.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 2 sub español
https://server41.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.21678135909.1678136166.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 3 sub español
https://server25.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.31678142204.1678142492.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 4 sub español
https://server12.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.41678163844.1678164156.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 5 sub español
https://server04.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.51678135494.1678135735.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 6 sub español
https://server38.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.61678178321.1678178624.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 7 sub español
https://server24.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.71678149644.1678149947.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 8 sub español
https://server11.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.81678117650.1678117819.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 9 sub español
https://server42.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.91678184258.1678184690.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 10 sub español
https://server30.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.101678160876.1678161228.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 11 sub español
https://server16.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.111678148849.1678149255.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Rent a girlfriend cap 12 sub español
https://server46.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/801e4f81ef8a691799f5b6889c9c6972/ep.121678128369.1678128629.720.m3u8

#Temporada2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 1 sub español
https://server45.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.11678263327.1678264110.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 2 sub español
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.21679329861.1679330838.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 3 sub español
https://server42.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.31678230805.1678231319.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 4 sub español
https://server43.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.41678094996.1678095245.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 5 sub español
https://server09.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.51679331146.1679332141.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 6 sub español
https://server21.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.61678116756.1678116999.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 7 sub español
https://server22.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.71678116208.1678116440.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 8 sub español
https://server24.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.81678116876.1678117116.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 9 sub español
https://server30.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.91678094833.1678095138.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 10 sub español
https://server43.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.101678092921.1678093219.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 11 sub español
https://server09.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.111679301451.1679302618.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu-2nd-season.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Rent a girlfriend cap 12 sub español
https://server47.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/9c5133fc09d94be554e15f46d6fd7067/ep.121678101454.1678102333.720.m3u8

#Temporada3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 1 sub español
https://server09.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.11688757361.1688757842.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 2 sub español
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.21689362821.1689363390.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 3 sub español
https://server09.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.31689967502.1689967908.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 4 sub español
https://server10.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.41690571762.1690572249.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 5 sub español
https://server10.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.51691564461.1691564883.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 6 sub español
https://server06.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.61691782682.1691783074.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://img.animeflv.cc/cover/kanojo-okarishimasu.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Rent a girlfriend cap 7 sub español
https://server07.flvvideo.com/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/cfda10a7bf7af47d15fe633ff281bdf0/ep.71692386591.1692387044.720.m3u8
