#EXTM3U
#Temporada1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 1
https://pc-03.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.1.1.v0.1677378933.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 2
https://pc-04.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.2.1.v0.1677215203.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 3
https://pc-05.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.3.1.v1.1677699084.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 4
https://pc-06.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.4.1.v0.1677712273.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 5
https://pc-21.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.5.1.v0.1679818231.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 6
https://pc-22.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.6.1.v0.1682176642.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 7
https://pc-23.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.7.1.v1.1691390258.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 8 subtitulado en español
https://pc-12.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.8.0.v0.1679450711.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 9 subtitulado en español
https://pc-08.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.9.0.v0.1679815859.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 1",Warrior cap 10 subtitulado en español
https://pc-09.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.10.0.v0.1679852852.720.m3u8

#Temporada2
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 1 subtitulado en español
https://pc-21.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.1.0.v0.1677245138.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 2 subtitulado en español
https://pc-20.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.2.0.v0.1677202290.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 3 subtitulado en español
https://pc-16.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.3.0.v0.1677684437.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 4 subtitulado en español
https://pc-29.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.4.0.v0.1676986281.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 5 subtitulado en español
https://pc-38.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.5.0.v0.1677393816.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 6 subtitulado en español
https://pc-35.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.6.1.v0.1676659294.360.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 7 subtitulado en español
https://pc-36.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.7.0.v0.1677109535.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 8 subtitulado en español
https://pc-37.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.8.0.v0.1677108305.360.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 9 subtitulado en español
https://pc-38.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.9.0.v0.1677340653.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 2",Warrior cap 10 subtitulado en español
https://pc-37.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.10.0.v0.1677101815.720.m3u8

#Temporada3
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 1
https://pc-16.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.1.2.v0.1691345412.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 2
https://pc-17.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.2.2.v0.1691345388.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 3
https://pc-18.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.3.2.v0.1691343820.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 4
https://pc-19.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.4.2.v0.1691343472.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 5
https://pc-27.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.5.2.v0.1691346075.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 6
https://pc-21.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.6.2.v0.1691347773.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 7
https://pc-22.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.7.2.v0.1691344741.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 8
https://pc-23.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.8.2.v0.1691346941.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 9
https://pc-23.peliscdnmx.pro/oxlcqmqktdvppecnltaiaymghwhujtjfkzlnrhsumgegvyivyxjwrjepuecsmpifpwjbdvsppjxybtnjzgesoqpjfobkrefssuiudqbcifvhbyoxfxhryplilbsieybjtcclxpyupfwzagzoxysbpwqwdjumzjnypwpmivgqpehfsayntbyvnrklkzgqxiqzvkpjxzpf/5725228d84bfa5a9c033fc11979748c4/EP.8.2.v0.1691346941.720.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-logo="https://pelisimg.online/cover/warrior.jpg" group-title="Temporada 3",Warrior cap 10
